README.md, before:

AWS DC/OS Master Instances
============
This module creates typical master instances used by DC/OS

EXAMPLE
-------

```hcl
module "dcos-master-instances" {
  source  = "dcos-terraform/masters/aws"
  version = "~> 0.1"

  cluster_name = "production"
  subnet_ids = ["subnet-12345678"]
  security_group_ids = ["sg-12345678"]"
  aws_key_name = "my-ssh-key"

  num_masters = "3"
}
```


## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| aws_ami | AMI to be used | string | `` | no |
| aws_associate_public_ip_address | Instance profile to be used for these instances | string | `true` | no |
| aws_iam_instance_profile | Instance profile to be used for these instances | string | `` | no |
| aws_instance_type | Instance type | string | `m4.xlarge` | no |
| aws_key_name | EC2 SSH key to use for these instances | string | - | yes |
| aws_root_volume_size | Root volume size | string | `120` | no |
| aws_security_group_ids | Firewall IDs to use for these instances | list | - | yes |
| aws_subnet_ids | Subnets to spawn the instances in. The module tries to distribute the instances | list | - | yes |
| aws_user_data | User data to be used on these instances (cloud-init) | string | `` | no |
| cluster_name | Cluster name all resources get named and tagged with | string | - | yes |
| dcos_instance_os | Operating system to use. Instead of using your own AMI you could use a provided OS. | string | `centos_7.4` | no |
| hostname_format | Format the hostname inputs are index+1, region, cluster_name | string | `%[3]s-master%[1]d-%[2]s` | no |
| num_masters | Number of masters to spawn. This number should be odd. Typical options are (1,3,5,7,9). | string | `3` | no |
| tags | Custom tags added to the resources created by this module | map | `<map>` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| instances | List of instances IDs created by this module |
| os_user | Output the OS user if default AMI is used |
| private_ips | List of private ip addresses created by this module |
| public_ips | List of public ip addresses created by this module |

Commit message:

added the region variable so that it would get passed to the lower level instance module and resolve the hostname_format issue. It currently isnt able to see the region variable since this module currently doesnt see it

README.md, after:

AWS DC/OS Master Instances
============
This module creates typical master instances used by DC/OS

EXAMPLE
-------

```hcl
module "dcos-master-instances" {
  source  = "dcos-terraform/masters/aws"
  version = "~> 0.1"

  cluster_name = "production"
  subnet_ids = ["subnet-12345678"]
  security_group_ids = ["sg-12345678"]"
  aws_key_name = "my-ssh-key"

  num_masters = "3"
}
```


## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| aws_ami | AMI to be used | string | `` | no |
| aws_associate_public_ip_address | Instance profile to be used for these instances | string | `true` | no |
| aws_iam_instance_profile | Instance profile to be used for these instances | string | `` | no |
| aws_instance_type | Instance type | string | `m4.xlarge` | no |
| aws_key_name | EC2 SSH key to use for these instances | string | - | yes |
| aws_root_volume_size | Root volume size | string | `120` | no |
| aws_security_group_ids | Firewall IDs to use for these instances | list | - | yes |
| aws_subnet_ids | Subnets to spawn the instances in. The module tries to distribute the instances | list | - | yes |
| aws_user_data | User data to be used on these instances (cloud-init) | string | `` | no |
| region | Specify the region to be used. | string | `` | no |
| cluster_name | Cluster name all resources get named and tagged with | string | - | yes |
| dcos_instance_os | Operating system to use. Instead of using your own AMI you could use a provided OS. | string | `centos_7.4` | no |
| hostname_format | Format the hostname inputs are index+1, region, cluster_name | string | `%[3]s-master%[1]d-%[2]s` | no |
| num_masters | Number of masters to spawn. This number should be odd. Typical options are (1,3,5,7,9). | string | `3` | no |
| tags | Custom tags added to the resources created by this module | map | `<map>` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| instances | List of instances IDs created by this module |
| os_user | Output the OS user if default AMI is used |
| private_ips | List of private ip addresses created by this module |
| public_ips | List of public ip addresses created by this module |
